Update readme (#429)
PyLadiesCZ/roboprojekt: README.md

```
python server.py
```

> You can choose a map to play directly from command line by writing the location of the JSON map as the optional argument `-m, --map-name`. For easier choise you can see the preview of maps in folder `maps/`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can choose a map to play directly from command line by writing the location of the JSON map as the optional argument `-m, --map-name`. For easier choice you can see the preview of maps by opening the files from folder `maps/` in Tiled.
```

> The same way you can enter the number of players `-p, --players`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The same way you can enter the number of players `-p, --players`. The current maps are prepared for the max. 8 players.
```
